# Page snapshot

```yaml
- generic [ref=e1]:
  - link "Up To 15% Off Sale Ends In 11D 15H 57M 57S" [ref=e2] [cursor=pointer]:
    - /url: https://www.abelini.com/sale
    - generic [ref=e4]:
      - generic [ref=e5]: Up To 15% Off Sale Ends In
      - generic [ref=e7]:
        - generic [ref=e8]: 11D
        - generic [ref=e10]: 15H
        - generic [ref=e12]: 57M
        - generic [ref=e14]: 57S
  - generic [ref=e18]:
    - link "100% Money Back Guarantee" [ref=e19] [cursor=pointer]:
      - /url: /return-and-exchange
    - link "Excellent 4.9 out of 5 Trustpilot Trustpilot" [ref=e20] [cursor=pointer]:
      - /url: https://uk.trustpilot.com/review/abelini.com
      - paragraph [ref=e21]:
        - text: Excellent 4.9 out of 5
        - img "Trustpilot" [ref=e22]
        - text: Trustpilot
    - link "Fairly Priced Diamonds" [ref=e23] [cursor=pointer]:
      - /url: /fair-price-guarantee
  - navigation [ref=e24]:
    - generic [ref=e25]:
      - generic [ref=e26]:
        - generic [ref=e27]:
          - link "+44 (0) 2038051270 +44 (0) 2038051270" [ref=e28] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+44 (0) 2038051270
            - img "+44 (0) 2038051270" [ref=e29]
            - paragraph [ref=e30]: +44 (0) 2038051270
          - generic [ref=e31]: 24/7
        - link "Visit Us Visit Us" [ref=e33] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /visit-us
          - img "Visit Us" [ref=e34]
          - paragraph [ref=e35]: Visit Us
      - link "Abelini Logo" [ref=e36] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /
        - img "Abelini Logo" [ref=e37]
      - generic [ref=e38]:
        - link "Login Login" [ref=e39] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /account/login
          - img "Login" [ref=e40]
          - paragraph [ref=e41]: Login
        - link "Wish List Wish List" [ref=e42] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /checkout/wishlist
          - img "Wish List" [ref=e43]
          - paragraph [ref=e44]: Wish List
        - link "Cart Cart (0)" [ref=e45] [cursor=pointer]:
          - /url: /cart
          - img "Cart" [ref=e46]
          - paragraph [ref=e47]: Cart
          - paragraph [ref=e48]: (0)
  - navigation [ref=e49]:
    - list [ref=e50]:
      - link "Engagement Rings" [ref=e51] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /engagement-rings
        - listitem [ref=e52]: Engagement Rings
      - link "Wedding & Eternity Rings" [ref=e53] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /wedding-rings
        - listitem [ref=e54]: Wedding & Eternity Rings
      - link "Diamond Rings" [ref=e55] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /diamond-rings
        - listitem [ref=e56]: Diamond Rings
      - link "Earrings" [ref=e57] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /earrings
        - listitem [ref=e58]: Earrings
      - link "Necklaces" [ref=e59] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /pendants
        - listitem [ref=e60]: Necklaces
      - link "Bracelets" [ref=e61] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /bracelets
        - listitem [ref=e62]: Bracelets
      - link "QuickShip" [ref=e63] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /ready-to-deliver
        - listitem [ref=e64]: QuickShip
      - link "Inspiration" [ref=e65] [cursor=pointer]:
        - /url: /information/bespoke
        - listitem [ref=e66]: Inspiration
      - listitem [ref=e67]:
        - generic [ref=e68]:
          - searchbox "Search" [ref=e69]
          - generic:
            - img "Search"
  - main [ref=e70]:
    - generic [ref=e71]:
      - navigation "Breadcrumb" [ref=e74]:
        - list [ref=e75]:
          - listitem [ref=e76]:
            - link "Home" [ref=e77] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /
            - generic [ref=e78]: /
          - listitem [ref=e79]:
            - generic [ref=e80]: Bespoke
      - generic [ref=e83]:
        - generic [ref=e84]:
          - generic [ref=e86]:
            - heading "Custom-made Jewellery Service" [level=1] [ref=e87]
            - heading "Made For You" [level=2] [ref=e88]
            - heading "Made For The One You Love" [level=2] [ref=e89]
            - paragraph [ref=e90]:
              - text: Jewellery is often considered very personal. Many pieces, for example, are associated with important life events or milestones in our lives or the lives of those we love. We are talking about, for instance, engagements, anniversaries, birthdays, and other significant moments. Because these events have a unique emotional value, the jewellery becomes a reminder of those moments. Jewellery is also often given as a gift, so it represents a strong emotional connection. And, of course, there is also an expression of individuality and symbolic meanings to rings,
              - link "bracelets," [ref=e91] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /bracelets
              - link "necklaces," [ref=e92] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /pendants
              - text: and other jewellery choices. Now, sometimes, it can be difficult to find the perfect piece. This is why many people turn to Custom-made jewellery services, as they let you design your rings exactly how you want them.
            - link "Book Consultation" [ref=e94] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: scroll:custom_design_form
          - img "Bespoke Image" [ref=e97]
        - generic [ref=e99]:
          - heading "Our Custom-made Design Creation" [level=2] [ref=e101]
          - generic [ref=e102]:
            - link "Bespoke Engagement Rings Custom-made Engagement Rings" [ref=e104] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: engagement-rings
              - img "Bespoke Engagement Rings" [ref=e105]
              - text: Custom-made Engagement Rings
            - link "Bespoke Diamond Bracelets Custom-made Diamond Bracelets" [ref=e107] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: bracelets
              - img "Bespoke Diamond Bracelets" [ref=e108]
              - text: Custom-made Diamond Bracelets
            - link "Bespoke Eternity Rings Custom-made Eternity Rings" [ref=e110] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: diamond-rings/eternity-rings
              - img "Bespoke Eternity Rings" [ref=e111]
              - text: Custom-made Eternity Rings
            - link "Bespoke Diamond Pendants Custom-made Diamond Pendants" [ref=e113] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: pendants/diamonds
              - img "Bespoke Diamond Pendants" [ref=e114]
              - text: Custom-made Diamond Pendants
            - link "Bespoke Wedding Rings Custom-made Wedding Rings" [ref=e116] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: wedding-rings
              - img "Bespoke Wedding Rings" [ref=e117]
              - text: Custom-made Wedding Rings
            - link "Bespoke Diamond Earrings Custom-made Diamond Earrings" [ref=e119] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: earrings
              - img "Bespoke Diamond Earrings" [ref=e120]
              - text: Custom-made Diamond Earrings
        - generic [ref=e122]:
          - heading "The Custom-made Jewellery Work Process" [level=2] [ref=e124]
          - generic [ref=e125]:
            - generic [ref=e126]:
              - link "Ideas" [ref=e127] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#tab1"
                - img "Ideas" [ref=e128]
              - text: Ideas
            - generic [ref=e129]:
              - link "The Basic Design" [ref=e130] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#tab2"
                - img "The Basic Design" [ref=e131]
              - text: The Basic Design
            - generic [ref=e132]:
              - link "The Stone" [ref=e133] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#tab3"
                - img "The Stone" [ref=e134]
              - text: The Stone
            - generic [ref=e135]:
              - link "The Final Design" [ref=e136] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#tab4"
                - img "The Final Design" [ref=e137]
              - text: The Final Design
            - generic [ref=e138]:
              - link "The Order" [ref=e139] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: "#tab5"
                - img "The Order" [ref=e140]
              - text: The Order
          - generic [ref=e141]:
            - generic [ref=e142]:
              - generic [ref=e143]:
                - img "Ideas" [ref=e144]
                - generic [ref=e146]:
                  - generic [ref=e147]: "01"
                  - generic [ref=e148]: Ideas
              - generic [ref=e149]:
                - img "Ideas" [ref=e150]
                - heading "Ideas" [level=2] [ref=e151]
                - paragraph [ref=e152]:
                  - text: The first thing is to decide what you would like your dream ring to look like. Next, look through our extensive online catalogue to get some inspiration and then bring your ideas to your exclusive one-on-one session with one of our experts. We’ll talk you through a whole host of ideas and find the one that will be on your
                  - link "partner’s finger" [ref=e153] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /which-finger-is-the-ring-finger
                  - text: for a lifetime.
            - generic [ref=e154]:
              - generic [ref=e155]:
                - img "The Basic Design" [ref=e156]
                - heading "The Basic Design" [level=2] [ref=e157]
                - paragraph [ref=e158]: Your consultant will create a basic design with your primary ideas roughed out. This serves as a price estimate whilst we work with you to finalise the design so that it is exactly how you want it to be before we start finalising the design.
              - generic [ref=e159]:
                - img "The Basic Design" [ref=e160]
                - generic [ref=e162]:
                  - generic [ref=e163]: "02"
                  - generic [ref=e164]: The Basic Design
            - generic [ref=e165]:
              - generic [ref=e166]:
                - img "The Stone" [ref=e167]
                - generic [ref=e169]:
                  - generic [ref=e170]: "03"
                  - generic [ref=e171]: The Stone
              - generic [ref=e172]:
                - img "The Stone" [ref=e173]
                - heading "The Stone" [level=2] [ref=e174]
                - paragraph [ref=e175]:
                  - text: "No"
                  - link "engagement ring" [ref=e176] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /engagement-rings
                  - text: would be complete without a diamond or a gemstone to catch the eye. With over 100,000 options to choose from, your consultant will be invaluable in helping you find the one that your partner has waited so long for. Once you’ve found the one your heart desires, we’ll add it to the design and move on to step 4
            - generic [ref=e177]:
              - generic [ref=e178]:
                - img "The Final Design" [ref=e179]
                - heading "The Final Design" [level=2] [ref=e180]
                - paragraph [ref=e181]:
                  - text: We do more than provide you with a final drawing; we give you a fully rendered 3D model of your bespoke ring so that you can spin it around and see it from all angles. Want to see it in even more detail? For a small additional fee, we can make you a
                  - link "Sterling Silver model" [ref=e182] [cursor=pointer]:
                    - /url: /home-trial
                  - text: so that you can hold your design in the palm of your hand.
              - generic [ref=e183]:
                - img "Ideas" [ref=e184]
                - generic [ref=e186]:
                  - generic [ref=e187]: "04"
                  - generic [ref=e188]: The Final Design
            - generic [ref=e189]:
              - generic [ref=e190]:
                - img "The Order" [ref=e191]
                - generic [ref=e193]:
                  - generic [ref=e194]: "05"
                  - generic [ref=e195]: The Order
              - generic [ref=e196]:
                - img "The Order" [ref=e197]
                - heading "The Order" [level=2] [ref=e198]
                - paragraph [ref=e199]: Once you’re happy with the final design, we give you a final quotation, which you can use to place your order.
        - generic [ref=e204]:
          - img "Bespoke Banner" [ref=e205]
          - generic [ref=e206]:
            - heading "Try Before Buy" [level=2] [ref=e207]
            - paragraph [ref=e208]: At Abelini, we believe that when it comes to luxury, you should have it all your own way. That's why we are committed to making the trying-on process even easier than ever before, by bringing the sizes to the comfort of your own home at the click of a button. It's so simple that we can tell you all about it in just 3 steps.
            - link "KNOW MORE" [ref=e209] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /home-trial
        - generic [ref=e213]:
          - heading "Why Should You Get a Custom-made Engagement Ring?" [level=2] [ref=e214]
          - paragraph [ref=e215]: With a Custom-made engagement ring, you have the opportunity to create a design that perfectly suits your style and preferences and guarantees you won't have the same ring as anyone else. The piece can also be designed to reflect your personality, relationship, or a shared interest.
          - paragraph [ref=e216]: Another important choice is metal. Different metals offer distinct aesthetics, from the classic elegance of platinum to the warmth of rose gold. With a Custom-made bespoke ring, you have the freedom to choose the material that best compliments your lifestyle.
          - paragraph [ref=e217]: And, of course, Custom-made rings allow you to select the exact diamond or gemstone you desire, considering factors like size, cut, colour, and clarity. Lastly, you can also include meaningful dates, initials, or a special message that holds significance to both of you.
          - img "Bespoke Image" [ref=e219]
          - heading "How Does the Custom-made Ring Design Process Work?" [level=2] [ref=e220]
          - paragraph [ref=e221]: Designing a Custom-made ring is all about collaboration. The client and the jeweller work together to create a unique and personalised piece of jewellery. The process usually begins with an initial consultation where you will talk about your preferences, style, and any specific design ideas you may have in mind. Then, the artist will present some design concepts. Once the design is finalised, you will typically select the type of metal (e.g., gold, platinum) and the specific gemstones, considering factors like type, cut, colour, and carat weight.
          - heading "Behind The Scene Custom-made Engagement Ring" [level=2] [ref=e223]
          - heading "How Custom-made Ring Services Work" [level=2] [ref=e226]
          - paragraph [ref=e227]: Every person (and every couple!) is unique. So, why settle for a ring that mimics those worn by others? Your love story is unique, and your choice of a ring should reflect that exceptional bond.
          - paragraph [ref=e228]: "When you choose a Custom-made ring, you don't need to limit yourself to commonplace options. Instead, you can express your unique style and narrative through a one-of-a-kind, tailor-made ring. For example, here are some of the elements you can customise:"
          - list [ref=e229]:
            - listitem [ref=e230]:
              - strong [ref=e231]: "Design and setting:"
              - text: You can choose the overall style of the ring (classic, modern, vintage, or a combination of styles) and specify the design of the setting for the gemstone(s), including prong, bezel, pave, or channel settings.
            - listitem [ref=e232]:
              - strong [ref=e233]: "Metal and finish:"
              - text: You can select the metal for the ring, such as gold (yellow, white, or rose), platinum, palladium, or a combination of metals, and decide on the finish, whether it's polished, matte, hammered, or textured.
            - listitem [ref=e234]:
              - strong [ref=e235]: "Gemstones:"
              - text: You can choose the type of gemstones, including diamonds, coloured gemstones (sapphires, rubies, emeralds), or alternative stones like moissanite. Also, you get to specify the shape and cut of the gemstones, their size, and the arrangement if there are multiple of them.
            - listitem [ref=e236]:
              - strong [ref=e237]: "Engravings:"
              - text: You can add personalised engravings such as initials, names, a special date, or a meaningful message on the inside or outside of the ring.
            - listitem [ref=e238]:
              - strong [ref=e239]: "Sourcing:"
              - text: You can choose ethically sourced materials, including conflict-free diamonds or gemstones, and consider recycled or sustainable metals.
          - heading "How Much Does a Custom-made Ring Cost?" [level=2] [ref=e240]
          - paragraph [ref=e241]: The cost of a Custom-made ring can vary based on a few different factors, such as materials, design complexity, quality, and whether you want rare or unique gemstones. For example, you can choose the specific quality of your diamonds, including cut, colour, clarity, and carat weight - all of which affect the overall cost. As you might guess, Custom-made rings can be more expensive than generic, mass-produced rings. However, these one-of-a-kind pieces are created specifically for you as an individual or couple, so the investment is considered worthwhile. Our skilled jewellers can, in fact, work with you to create a Custom-made ring that perfectly aligns with your vision and budget.
          - heading "What Are Shaped-to-Fit Custom-made Rings?" [level=2] [ref=e242]
          - paragraph [ref=e243]:
            - text: Shaped-to-fit Custom-made rings are designed to complement another piece of jewellery. For example, a wedding ring matching an
            - link "engagement ring" [ref=e244] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /engagement-rings
            - text: with an unusual shape or a family heirloom. This ensures a seamless and harmonious fit between the two rings when worn together. In other words, shaped-to-fit Custom-made rings offer a solution for those who want a band that complements and enhances the beauty of their existing jewellery.
        - generic [ref=e245]: "[FORM:bespoke]"
        - text: "[SECTION:reviews]"
        - generic [ref=e247]:
          - heading "Engagement Inspirations" [level=2] [ref=e248]
          - generic [ref=e249]:
            - link "Engagement ring Ultimate Guide On How To Buy An Engagement Ring" [ref=e250] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: blog/article.html?article_id=gid://shopify/Article/617245540692&article_url=engagement-rings-buying-guide
              - generic [ref=e251]:
                - img "Engagement ring" [ref=e252]
                - heading "Ultimate Guide On How To Buy An Engagement Ring" [level=3] [ref=e253]
            - link "Engagement ring Unveiling 2025's Engagement Ring Trends" [ref=e254] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: blog/article.html?article_id=gid://shopify/Article/617241739604&article_url=engagement-ring-trends
              - generic [ref=e255]:
                - img "Engagement ring" [ref=e256]
                - heading "Unveiling 2025's Engagement Ring Trends" [level=3] [ref=e257]
  - contentinfo [ref=e258]:
    - navigation [ref=e259]:
      - generic [ref=e260]:
        - paragraph [ref=e262]: Stay In Touch!
        - generic [ref=e265]:
          - textbox "Your Name *" [ref=e267]
          - textbox "Your email *" [ref=e269]
          - button "Subscribe" [ref=e271] [cursor=pointer]
          - generic [ref=e274]:
            - text: By subscribing, some personal data such as your name and email address are collected and stored securely for the purposes of sending you order updates, special offers, and other promotional materials. For further information on how we manage your data, please see our
            - link "Privacy Notice" [ref=e275] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /privacy-policy#email-subscription
      - generic [ref=e276]:
        - generic [ref=e279]:
          - generic [ref=e280]:
            - heading "About Abelini" [level=4] [ref=e281]
            - list [ref=e282]:
              - listitem [ref=e283]:
                - link "About Us" [ref=e284] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/about-us
              - listitem [ref=e285]:
                - link "Customer Reviews" [ref=e286] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/customer-reviews
              - listitem [ref=e287]:
                - link "Ethical Jewellery" [ref=e288] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/ethical-jewellery
              - listitem [ref=e289]:
                - link "Fair Price Guarantee" [ref=e290] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/fair-price-guarantee
              - listitem [ref=e291]:
                - link "Virtual Try" [ref=e292] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/virtual-try
              - listitem [ref=e293]:
                - link "Terms & Conditions" [ref=e294] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/terms-of-use
          - generic [ref=e295]:
            - heading "Customer Care" [level=4] [ref=e296]
            - list [ref=e297]:
              - listitem [ref=e298]:
                - link "Free Delivery" [ref=e299] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/free-shipping
              - listitem [ref=e300]:
                - link "Return & Exchange" [ref=e301] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/return-and-exchange
              - listitem [ref=e302]:
                - link "Warranty & Care" [ref=e303] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/warranty-and-care
              - listitem [ref=e304]:
                - link "Jewellery Insurance" [ref=e305] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/jewellery-insurance
              - listitem [ref=e306]:
                - link "Bespoke" [ref=e307] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/bespoke
              - listitem [ref=e308]:
                - link "Sample Services" [ref=e309] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/home-trial
              - listitem [ref=e310]:
                - link "0% Interest Finance" [ref=e311] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/finance
              - listitem [ref=e312]:
                - link "Free Resizing Service" [ref=e313] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/free-resize-policy
          - generic [ref=e314]:
            - heading "Explore" [level=4] [ref=e315]
            - list [ref=e316]:
              - listitem [ref=e317]:
                - link "Blog" [ref=e318] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /blog
              - listitem [ref=e319]:
                - link "Customer Stories" [ref=e320] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /customer-story
              - listitem [ref=e321]:
                - link "Birthstone By Month" [ref=e322] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/birthstone-jewellery
              - listitem [ref=e323]:
                - link "Jewellery Gift Finder" [ref=e324] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/jewellery-gift-finder
              - listitem [ref=e325]:
                - link "Hallmarking" [ref=e326] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/hallmarking
              - listitem [ref=e327]:
                - link "Jewellery Care" [ref=e328] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/jewellery-care
              - listitem [ref=e329]:
                - link "Ring Size Chart" [ref=e330] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/ring-size-guide
              - listitem [ref=e331]:
                - link "Bracelet Size Guide" [ref=e332] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/bracelet-size-guide
          - generic [ref=e333]:
            - heading "Guides" [level=4] [ref=e334]
            - list [ref=e335]:
              - listitem [ref=e336]:
                - link "Engagement Ring Guide" [ref=e337] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /blog/engagement-rings-buying-guide
              - listitem [ref=e338]:
                - link "Earrings Guide" [ref=e339] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /blog/ultimate-guide-on-how-to-buy-diamond-earrings
              - listitem [ref=e340]:
                - link "Wedding Rings Guide" [ref=e341] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /blog/ultimate-guide-on-how-to-buy-wedding-ring
              - listitem [ref=e342]:
                - link "Diamond Ring Guide" [ref=e343] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /blog/diamond-ring-buying-guide
              - listitem [ref=e344]:
                - link "Diamond Guide" [ref=e345] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/diamond-education
              - listitem [ref=e346]:
                - link "Metal Guide" [ref=e347] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/metal-guide
              - listitem [ref=e348]:
                - link "Bracelet Guide" [ref=e349] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /blog/ultimate-guide-on-how-to-buy-a-bracelet
              - listitem [ref=e350]:
                - link "Necklace Size Guide" [ref=e351] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/necklace-size-guide
          - generic [ref=e352]:
            - heading "Contact Us" [level=4] [ref=e353]
            - list [ref=e354]:
              - listitem [ref=e355]:
                - link "Customer Service" [ref=e356] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/contact-us
              - listitem [ref=e357]:
                - link "+44 (0) 2038051270" [ref=e358] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: tel:+442038051270
              - listitem [ref=e359]:
                - link "sales@abelini.com" [ref=e360] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: mailto:sales@abelini.com
              - listitem [ref=e361]:
                - link "Live Chat" [ref=e362] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /javascript:$zopim.livechat.window.show();
              - listitem [ref=e363]:
                - link "Visit Our Store" [ref=e364] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/book-appointment
              - listitem [ref=e365]:
                - link "FAQ's" [ref=e366] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - /url: /information/faq
        - generic [ref=e368]:
          - link "Store Store" [ref=e369] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /book-appointment
            - img "Store" [ref=e370]
            - paragraph [ref=e371]: Store
          - link "Live Chat Live Chat" [ref=e372] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: /javascript:$zopim.livechat.window.show();
            - img "Live Chat" [ref=e373]
            - paragraph [ref=e374]: Live Chat
          - link "Call Us Call Us" [ref=e375] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: tel:+442038051270
            - img "Call Us" [ref=e376]
            - paragraph [ref=e377]: Call Us
          - link "Email Us Email Us" [ref=e378] [cursor=pointer]:
            - /url: mailto:sales@abelini.com
            - img "Email Us" [ref=e379]
            - paragraph [ref=e380]: Email Us
        - generic [ref=e382]:
          - generic [ref=e383]:
            - link "Facebook" [ref=e384] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://www.facebook.com/abelinijewel/
              - img "Facebook" [ref=e385]
            - link "Pinterest" [ref=e386] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://uk.pinterest.com/abelinijewellery/
              - img "Pinterest" [ref=e387]
            - link "Instagram" [ref=e388] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://www.instagram.com/abelinijewellery/
              - img "Instagram" [ref=e389]
            - link "YouTube" [ref=e390] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCdfnfdsPrWJF6wJJu7d13qA
              - img "YouTube" [ref=e391]
          - generic [ref=e392]:
            - generic [ref=e393]:
              - link "Cookie Policy" [ref=e394] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /information/cookie-policy
              - text: "|"
            - generic [ref=e395]:
              - link "Privacy Notice" [ref=e396] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /information/privacy-policy
              - text: "|"
            - generic [ref=e397]:
              - link "Company Details" [ref=e398] [cursor=pointer]:
                - /url: /company-details
              - text: "|"
            - link "Sitemap" [ref=e400] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: /sitemap
          - paragraph [ref=e401]:
            - text: Copyright 2026, ABELINI Ltd. All rights reserved.
            - text: "Reg. office: 154 Abercorn Crescent, Harrow, HA20PU. Registered in London. Company registration no.: 10863786. VAT no: GB 285 0030 28. ABELINI is a registered trademark No. UK3310101"
  - iframe [active] [ref=e402]:
    - generic [active] [ref=f3e1]:
      - generic [ref=f3e9]:
        - banner [ref=f3e10]:
          - generic [ref=f3e11]:
            - heading "Chat with us" [level=1] [ref=f3e12]
            - button "Popout" [ref=f3e13] [cursor=pointer]:
              - img [ref=f3e14]
            - button "Minimize widget" [ref=f3e18] [cursor=pointer]:
              - img [ref=f3e19]
        - generic [ref=f3e21]:
          - img [ref=f3e24]
          - generic [ref=f3e28]:
            - heading "Live Help" [level=2] [ref=f3e29]
            - generic [ref=f3e31]: Customer Support
        - main [ref=f3e32]:
          - log [ref=f3e34]:
            - generic [ref=f3e35]: Chat started
            - generic [ref=f3e36]:
              - generic [ref=f3e37]: Customer Service
              - generic [ref=f3e43]: Welcome! Our friendly team are ready to help if you have any questions.
              - img [ref=f3e45]
        - contentinfo [ref=f3e51]:
          - generic [ref=f3e53]:
            - generic [ref=f3e54]: Type a message here...
            - textbox "Type a message here..." [ref=f3e55]
          - generic [ref=f3e56]:
            - link "zendesk" [ref=f3e57] [cursor=pointer]:
              - /url: https://www.zendesk.com/chat/live-chat-widget/?utm_source=webwidgetchat&utm_medium=poweredbyzendeskchat&utm_campaign=poweredbyzendesk&utm_term=5WfpvkvgC213gWBID0e80j0C3DIXraWS&utm_content=undefined&iref=5WfpvkvgC213gWBID0e80j0C3DIXraWS&lang=en-us
              - img "zendesk" [ref=f3e58]
            - generic [ref=f3e66]:
              - button "End chat" [ref=f3e67] [cursor=pointer]:
                - img [ref=f3e68]
              - button "Attach file" [ref=f3e74] [cursor=pointer]:
                - img [ref=f3e75]
              - generic [ref=f3e77]:
                - button "Menu" [ref=f3e78] [cursor=pointer]:
                  - img [ref=f3e79]
                - textbox [ref=f3e84]
      - status [ref=f3e85]
```